init docs for {HTMLEmbedElement,HTMLIFrameElement}.{width,height} (#31701)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlembedelement/height/index.md

---
title: "HTMLEmbedElement: height property"
short-title: height
slug: Web/API/HTMLEmbedElement/height
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLEmbedElement.height
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`height`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLEmbedElement")}} interface returns a string that reflects the [`height`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/embed#height) HTML attribute, indicating the displayed height of the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`height`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLEmbedElement")}} interface returns a string that reflects the `height` attribute of an {{HTMLElement("embed")}} element, indicating the displayed height of the resource in CSS pixels.
```

Two things:
- just saying `height` doesn't tell me it's the height of an `<embed>` element.
- tell the reader the units

I think these are going to apply to all these pages.

## Value

> A string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string representing the height of the element in CSS pixels.
```

(also applies to all pages)
